WIP: NSX-T Edge Gateway automatic IP assignment (#991)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/r/nsxt_edgegateway.html.markdown

* `subnet` - (Optional) One or more [subnets](#edgegateway-subnet) defined for Edge Gateway. One of
  `subnet`, `subnet_with_total_ip_count` or `subnet_with_ip_count` is **required**. Read more in [IP
  allocation modes](#ip-allocation-modes) section.
* `subnet_with_total_ip_count` - (Optional, *v3.9+*) One or more
  [subnets](#edgegateway-total-ip-count-allocation) defined for Edge Gateway. One of `subnet`,
  `subnet_with_total_ip_count` or `subnet_with_ip_count` is **required**. Read more in [IP
  allocation modes](#ip-allocation-modes) section.
* `subnet_with_ip_count` - (*v3.9+*) One or more
  [subnets](#edgegateway-per-subnet-ip-count-allocation) defined for Edge Gateway. One of `subnet`,
  `subnet_with_total_ip_count` or `subnet_with_ip_count` is **required**. Read more in [IP
  allocation modes](#ip-allocation-modes) section.
* `total_allocated_ip_count` - (Optional, *v3.9+*) Required with `subnet_with_total_ip_count`. It is
  **read-only** attribute with other other allocation models `subnet` and `subnet_with_ip_count`.

<a id="ip-allocation-modes"></a>

## IP allocation modes

> ~> Starting with `v3.9.0` of Terraform provider for VCD, NSX-T Edge Gateway IP allocations got
> revamped to support automatic IP allocation. More details in this section.

Reviewer: Trying to simplify:

```suggestion
~> Starting with `v3.9.0` of Terraform Provider for VCD, NSX-T Edge Gateway supports automatic IP allocations. More details in this section.
```

Author: Changed

* `description` - (Optional) A unique name for the edge gateway.
* `external_network_id` - (Required) An external network ID. **Note:** Data source [vcd_external_network_v2](/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/data-sources/external_network_v2)
can be used to lookup ID by name.
* `edge_cluster_id` - (Optional) Specific Edge Cluster ID if required
* `dedicate_external_network` - (Optional) Dedicating the External Network will enable Route Advertisement for this Edge Gateway. Default `false`.

* `subnet` - (Optional) One or more [subnets](#edgegateway-subnet) defined for edge gateway. One of
  `subnet`, `auto_subnet` or `auto_allocated_subnet` is **required**.
* `auto_subnet` - (Optional, *v3.9+*) One or more [subnets](#edgegateway-auto-subnet) defined for
  Edge Gateway. One of `subnet`, `auto_subnet` or `auto_allocated_subnet` is **required**.

> * `auto_allocated_subnet` - (*v3.9+*) One or more [subnets](#edgegateway-auto-allocated-subnet)

Author: No. These are completely made-up constructs. All 3 of them work with the same API fields, but their behaviors are different. We have 3 different `TypeSet` blocks because of Terraform schema limitations.

> * `auto_allocated_subnet` - (*v3.9+*) One or more [subnets](#edgegateway-auto-allocated-subnet)

Reviewer: So, we're converging towards:

`subnet`, `subnet_total_ip_count` and `subnet_ip_auto_allocation`
(complete picture with all three types)

> * `auto_allocated_subnet` - (*v3.9+*) One or more [subnets](#edgegateway-auto-allocated-subnet)

Author: > Now towards... :)
> 
> `subnet`, `subnet_with_total_ip_count` and `subnet_with_ip_count`

Code (and PR description) has been changed to use this notation

> * `auto_allocated_subnet` - (*v3.9+*) One or more [subnets](#edgegateway-auto-allocated-subnet)

Reviewer: Looks great, thank you!

  defined for Edge Gateway. One of `subnet`, `auto_subnet` or `auto_allocated_subnet` is
  **required**.

> * `total_allocated_ip_count` - (Optional, *v3.9+*) Required with `auto_subnet`

Reviewer: Looks like we need to state that `total_allocated_ip_count` is to be used only with `auto_subnet`. Right now it reads as if you can use it in all three subnet types, but it's required for `auto_subnet`.

Author: I have improved that comment.

~> Starting with v3.9 of this provider, NSX-T Edge Gateways can allocate IP addresses by using
different strategies: Manual IP allocation (`subnet`), automatic IP allocations in any of defined
subnets (`auto_subnet` with `total_allocated_ip_count`), automatic IP allocations per defined subnet

> (`auto_allocated_subnet`). One of these is **required**. Different set definition structures are

Reviewer: What if we rephrased this to something bulleted and expanded like this:

> Starting with v3.9 of provider, NSX-T Edge Gateways can allocate IP addresses by using
> three different strategies:
> - Manual IP allocation (`subnet`) - have multiple start-end IP ranges (`allocated_ips` blocks) in a subnet
> - Automatic IP allocations in any of defined subnets (`auto_subnet` with `total_allocated_ip_count`) - have all IPs in a subnet, but must limit selection with a global `total_allocated_ip_count` setting
> - Automatic IP allocations per subnet
> (`auto_allocated_subnet`) - limit IP count in each subnet with `allocated_ip_count`, but *must not* limit with global `total_allocated_ip_count` setting

Author: I have revisited it, but there is a limitation of highlighting syntax. I am not able to add bullet points to the note itself (see the screenshot of how it renders).
I can do multiple notes with each option only.

<img width="715" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15804230/224916294-fe53c5fb-5ca3-4b13-bb47-c1e0452b2ec7.png">

Reviewer: I see. I think we need to do some tidying up of all the subnet section. When you look at them right now it's a bit unclear which section relates to wich argument:

![Screenshot 2023-03-14 at 10 26 58](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11330689/224941017-7eb53cff-247d-4ef9-8b02-8d3c160f649b.png)

Reviewer: Thanks for the overhaul!

allocated

<a id="edgegateway-subnet-ip-allocation"></a>

## Edge Gateway Subnet IP Allocation

* `start_address` - (Required) - Start IP address of a range
* `end_address` - (Required) - End IP address of a range

<a id="edgegateway-auto-subnet"></a>

## Edge Gateway Automatic IP allocation (from *any* of the defined `auto_subnet` entries)

* `gateway` - (Required) - Gateway for a subnet in external network
* `prefix_length` - (Required) - Prefix length of a subnet in external network (e.g. 24 for netmask of 255.255.255.0)

> * `primary_ip` (Required) - Is required, but only in one of defined `auto_subnet` block

Reviewer: Do NSX-T docs provide a description about primary IP? Could we add a sentence here?

Author: Primary IP is not a new thing https://registry.terraform.io/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/resources/nsxt_edgegateway#primary_ip

It is the IP that Edge Gateway auto-assigns (unless explicitly declared which one of the allocated pools). An Edge Gateway must get at least 1 IP address during creation

Author: I have rephrased it now for both `subnet_with_total_ip_count` and `allocated_ip_count` sections - check if it got any better

Reviewer: It's perfect.
